Wait! He is just a young man who has just reached the peak of his career.
I feel that I cannot agree with this, I am a disciple of fish.
What about a son like you?
Even my other son, Mao, couldn't learn from him.
Thin! Thin!
So, auntie wishes!
Aren't you a disciple of Yu? Come and save Grandpa Xiao.
You're a handsome new girl, you can't die just by saying something.
If you want me to, just endure it. Autumn, ah
Don't you want money?
Fifty thousand, one hundred thousand.
Little ball man, Qiu!
Please
Take a look at you
Let me see if you save my father
Didn't you save me this morning?
Who are you showing off to me?
Okay, it's okay
I'll give him a different prescription
For a while, for a while, for a while, for a while
Prepare for half a million for a while
You really take yourself as a god.
Not another dutiful sister
If your parents are shearing
You can ask me to think about it
I can give you an injection
Are you a stinker?
No, it's spicy enough